#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.1
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cyclopts
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.6.5
    # via fastmcp
beartype==0.22.4
    # via
    #   py-key-value-aio
    #   py-key-value-shared
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via py-key-value-aio
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via uvicorn
cryptography==46.0.3
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   secretstorage
cyclopts==4.0.0
    # via fastmcp
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via py-key-value-aio
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via email-validator
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via cyclopts
docutils==0.22.2
    # via rich-rst
email-validator==2.3.0
    # via pydantic
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via fastmcp
fastapi==0.119.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fastmcp==2.13.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.8
    # via httpx
httptools==0.7.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   ollama
httpx-sse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.3.0
    # via pytest
isodate==0.7.2
    # via openapi-core
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.3.0
    # via keyring
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   mcp
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.4
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
keyring==25.6.0
    # via py-key-value-aio
langchain==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-classic==1.0.0
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==1.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-classic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-ollama==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==1.0.0
    # via langchain-classic
langgraph==1.0.1
    # via langchain
langgraph-checkpoint==3.0.0
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==1.0.1
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.9
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.38
    # via
    #   langchain-classic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lazy-object-proxy==1.12.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mcp==1.19.0
    # via fastmcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
    #   openapi-core
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==2.3.4
    # via langchain-community
ollama==0.6.0
    # via langchain-ollama
openapi-core==0.19.5
    # via fastmcp
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via fastmcp
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.3
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.2
    # via openapi-core
orjson==3.11.4
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.11.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
parse==1.20.2
    # via openapi-core
pathable==0.4.4
    # via jsonschema-path
pathvalidate==3.3.1
    # via py-key-value-aio
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via fastmcp
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
py-key-value-aio[disk,keyring,memory]==0.2.8
    # via fastmcp
py-key-value-shared==0.2.8
    # via py-key-value-aio
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic[email]==2.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   fastmcp
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-classic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   ollama
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   mcp
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   rich
pyperclip==1.11.0
    # via fastmcp
pytest==8.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastmcp
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   langchain-classic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   langchain-classic
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rich==14.2.0
    # via
    #   cyclopts
    #   fastmcp
    #   rich-rst
rich-rst==1.3.2
    # via cyclopts
rpds-py==0.28.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
secretstorage==3.4.0
    # via keyring
six==1.17.0
    # via rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.44
    # via
    #   langchain-classic
    #   langchain-community
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via mcp
starlette==0.48.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   mcp
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openapi-core
    #   py-key-value-shared
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mcp
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.1.1
    # via openapi-core
xxhash==3.6.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
